hi this is Megan eggnog and um I'm gonna
show you the five lives or what ups
whatever you want to call it and weld
one one using the mega mushroom no like
I said in my first part
um yeah puff it wanna get there oh never
mind
so I'm just gonna show those things
before it and I don't know why but get
some clarifier I just like slapping
there's a clock wise papa even though
I'm gonna waste the flapper I decided to
get it so remember hit that block and
don't get it until it gets the very end
like I said in part one of my my
laughter and then we can do mass
destruction
[Applause]
and get the five large it's sort of like
a bonus five lies okay I'm gonna say
again just because I like doing the mega
mushroom you know why I'm so fast on
this well that's because I'm doing
speedruns on this like that would have
been a mess up so then do all that stuff
and this time I'm gonna oh it's just so
fun
oh I'm just gonna do it again you're no
good reason
it's just that very end that's violent
and it gives you an 8,000 or so that's
all I needed to show you thank you for
watching this video and it's oops I
turned off the TAS so thank you for
watching this video and expect more